person opening the door.
person they stand up.
a person opens a refrigerator door.
person smiling as he/she opens the refrigerator.
person starts undressing.
a person is  undressing in front of a mirror.
throws a pillow to person a.
person they close the laptop.
a person closes a laptop in the bedroom.
person looks at a picture on it.
a person leaning on a doorway eats a sandwich.
person b is putting clothes on a chair.
a person sits down on a couch.
a woman puts a box on a table.
person plays on her phone.
person begins to play with their phone.
person puts a box on a table.
person puts the box back up on the ledge.
person takes medicine out of the box.
a other person is laughing into a bag.
this person starts cooking at the stove.
person they take a glass of water from the table.
person lies down to watch television from bed.
person runs out of the room.
the person is dressing in the living room.
person puts the laptop on a table.
person throwing food towards the table.
person sits on the sofa.
person begins drinking from the glass.
a person is holding a laptop.
person put something on a table.
person putting the phone on a table.
the person takes a picture of the stove.
person leaves the room smiling.
person watching a laptop screen.
person eats some food.
person eats them.
a third person is sitting in a chair.
a person is sitting on the floor reading a book.
person sitting on the floor.
the person puts groceries down.
person starts tidying the counter with a towel.
seated man reads book.
a person is cooking on the stove.
person they're cooking a sandwich in their kitchen.
person finally eating a sandwich in a garage.
person start eating it.
the person puts the bottle down.
person drinking a glass of water.
person drinking from a glass in the pantry.
the person takes a glass of water.
person throws a book inside near a laptop.
person they turn the light off.
person throws the book.
person throw the book in a room.
person throws a pillow on the ground.
person puts it down to eat some food.
the person laughs at something on their phone.
person putting the cup on a counter.
a person drinks from a cup.
the person puts the laptop onto a shelf.
a person holds their laptop.
person they put the laptop on a shelf.
person they take a camera from a counter.
a person walks through a doorway.
person they both begin eating.
person starts eating.
a person is pouring a cup of water.
one person pours water into 2 cups.
person both are eating chips or something off of plate.
person eats a sandwich.
person eat it.
person eat again.
person they put the sandwich down.
person switches on the light to find some homework.
person opens the door.
person runs out.
person grabs a flashlight.
another person is laughing.
one person runs into the closet.
another person runs in.
person closing the door.
person closes the door to the closet.
person sneezing on a light.
person takes a picture with the camera.
person takes a picture.
person closes their door.
person begin to take selfies with their phone.
person closes the door.
a smiling person begins to undress their clothes.
person after closing the door.
person grasping their phone to take selfies.
person they close the laptop.
person an opens a cabinet.
a person is sitting at the dining room table.
person snuggling under a blanket.
person fixes their hair.
a person is sitting at a table doing homework.
person throws the pillow back on the bed.
person starts eating them in the kitchen.
eating the chips the person pulls out some food.
person begins to cook.
person starts cooking it in a pan on the stove.
person putting away a book.
the person pours himself a glass of water.
person starts eating.
person eats something.
a person opens a cabinet.
a person is eating a snack.
person underneath a blanket.
a person eats food.
person began to take a picture.
person playing with their phone.
person throws it on the floor.
person drinking from the cup.
a person is opening the door to a bedroom.
a person sitting on the bed opens a book.
person put the book on the bed.
person turn off the light.
person drinking a glass of water.
the person begins laughing.
person closes the door.
person attempt to start closing the door.
person they stand on top of a chair.
person stands up on a chair.
person opens the door.
person opens a door.
person puts their phone on a shelf.
a person is reading a book.
person begin laughing.
a person is awakening on a chair.
person stand up.
a person gently throws some food into the pantry.
a man putting things on a shelf.
person begins undressing.
the person closes the laptop.
the person closes their laptop.
person put the shoe down.
person begins laughing.
person drinking from the glass.
a person is laughing at a television.
person forth from laughter.
a person is seen laughing.
person waiting for dinner to finish cooking on the stove.
a person cooking.
the person takes a vacuum through the door.
person closing the door.
a person opens the door to the garage.
the person takes a pillow off a car.
person eats a sandwich.
person shutting the closet door behind them.
person grabbing a blanket leaving the closet shutting the door.
person run away.
one person opens a cabinet.
person opens a couple cabinets.
person closes the cabinets.
person running through a hallway.
person pouring out the old water from the glass.
person eating some food.
person took something to eat from out of the bowl.
the person eats the apple.
person takes out food.
one person sitting in a chair is eating a sandwich.
another person is sneezing.
person holding a bottle.
person eating a sandwich.
another person is sitting on a chair eating a sandwich.
person puts the camera down.
person close the door.
a person is sneezing into a camera.
person closes the open door behind them.
person closing a door.
a person takes a picture/video of themselves sneezing several times.
a person is sneezing.
a person is watching television through the doorway.
a person is running through the doorway.
person walk through a second doorway.
person opens a door.
person they look out the window.
person looking out the window in the living room.
person close the cabinet.
person take some food from the cabinet.
person opens the cabinet.
a person puts clothes in a bag.
person opening a bag of clothes.
the person puts it on the table.
a person is closing a refrigerator.
person sit on the floor.
the person stand up an left the room.
person take off both shoes.
person takes off their shoes.
a person sits on a towel on the floor.
another person closes the door.
person throwing food toward a door.
a person puts their laptop down on the sink.
a person puts a laptop down by the sink.
a person is putting a book next to a phone.
person closes a laptop lid.
a person is sneezing on a mirror.
person turns the light off.
the person turns the light off.
person opens the door.
person turns off the light.
person another sits with food at a small table.
a smiling person enters a bedroom sneezing.
a person throws a pillow on the couch.
a person throws a pillow towards the sofa.
person opening a cabinet.
person opens a cabinet.
person opens the cabinet.
person getting dressed.
another person is standing at a mirror fixing their hair.
the person laughs at the television.
the person takes their shoes off.
person puts them on a table.
person puts their shoes on the table.
person takes off their shoes.
person but they start sneezing.
person they stand up.
person drinking a glass of water.
a person is playing on their laptop sitting down.
person drinks from a glass of water.
the person takes a sandwich from a dish.
a person is playing a game on their laptop.
a person undresses in front of a mirror.
a person is undressing in front of a mirror.
person opening its door.
person close the door.
person they put their shoes in a closet.
a person is walking through a doorway.
person laughs at the picture.
the person looks at a picture on the wall.
person they close the door.
person walks out through the doorway.
person walk through the doorway.
person takes a look a clothes in a washer.
person puts back on their shoes.
person they stand up.
person drinks something form a cup.
person closes the laptop.
person eats something out of a bag.
a person is wrapped in a blanket eating something.
person they stand up abruptly.
person eating a snack.
person close the lid of the laptop.
person throw a blanket in the air repeatedly.
a person is running with a sandwich.
the person sneezes on the sandwich repeatedly.
the person walks through the doorway.
person eating a sandwich.
a person eats some food.
person put the glass down.
person put objects on a table in an entryway.
the person is eating.
person puts their laptop on a table.
one person puts a laptop on a table.
person they open the refrigerator.
person take out some food.
person takes a pillow.
a person throws a pillow.
the person opens the medicine cabinet.
person opens the medicine cabinet.
the person walks out of the house through the doorway.
person opening the door.
person opens a book.
person looking at a book.
a person is sitting in a chair smiling.
person throws the book from it on to a bed.
person takes out a book grabs it.
the person puts the dishes back on the table.
the person takes their glass of coffee off the table.
a person awakens on a sofa.
person closes the door.
person opens a door walks out of the room.
person closing the door behind them.
person opens a closet.
person drinking a glass of water.
this person closes a door.
a person walks into the bathroom holding a broom.
the person puts the broom down.
person pours a glass of water from the sink.
person opens the door.
person opening the door.
person getting dressed.
person they get dressed.
person they take a drink from a coffee cup.
a person is snuggling in bed with a pillow.
person puts the book away.
the person closes a book.
person puts away the book used for references.
a person is holding a broom.
the person opens the refrigerator.
person closes the refrigerator.
the person starts closing a window.
person takes a bottle.
person runs toward the doorway.
person runs out of the hallway.
a person walks into a hallway holding a pillow.
a person opens a medicine cabinet in the laundry room.
a person opens a medicine cabinet.
a person puts  blanket on a shelf.
a person is on the phone laughing.
person snuggles with a pillow in a very creepy way.
a person snuggles up to a pillow on a sofa.
a person sits down on a chair.
a person sits in a chair snuggling with a pillow.
the person puts down the book.
the person held the refrigerator door open.
person takes off their glasses.
person are drinking a glass of water.
person they reach for a glass to take a drink.
person eating a sandwich.
the person takes a bite from the sandwich.
a person is laughing over the sink.
the person is laughing.
person holding clothes.
a person is laughing.
person puts the picture in the cabinet.
person opens a closet.
person closes the door.
a person is holding a towel.
person put the towel.
person they put the bag down.
a person is holding a bag of clothes.
a young woman sitting in a chair.
a person opens a door.
person holding the broom deciding where to put it.
person puts the broom inside.
person closes the door.
person opens a book.
person eats something.
person begins to eat some food.
person open up their homework book.
a person in their garage walks to the doorway.
person turns on the light.
person holding a phone.
person drinking a glass of water.
person look out the window.
person they put down a glass they were drinking from.
a person walks through the doorway into their bedroom.
a person washes their hands in a sink.
person they open the medicine cabinet.
a person is washing their hands.
person proceeds to wash hands.
person opens cabinet.
one person is walking through the doorway.
a person is walking through a doorway.
a person pours a glass of water down the sink.
person closes a book.
a person is opening a book.
person they open a book.
person sits in a chair hugging the blanket.
person begin sitting in a chair.
a smiling person runs into their closet holding a mirror.
person drinks from a glass in a closet.
a person runs in place.
person throws clothes into a washing machine.
person throw clothes in the washer.
person puts their phone in a box.
person takes a phone of their pocket.
a person is holding clothes.
person shoves clothes into the washing machine.
person takes some medicine.
person take some medicine.
person grabs a towel to put it away.
person opens a cabinet.
a person is opening a door to the bathroom.
person starts throwing a towel inside.
a person grasps the doorknob to open the door.
a person is laughing into a phone.
a person is talking on the phone.
a person closes a window.
person closes a window.
a person in the bathroom is closing a window.
person eating from a plate balanced on a pillow.
person holding a pillow standing next to a broom.
a person is eating a sandwich on a plate.
person takes a glass.
a person is putting a laptop on a bed.
a person runs down some stairs holding a phone.
a person is running with their phone.
person eating a sandwich.
person open the door.
person they open the door.
a person walks through the doorway.
person turns on the light.
a person in a laundry room turns on a light.
person closes the door.
person takes the bag into the room.
person open the door.
a person is standing in the entryway eating some food.
person opens the door.
person eats something from a bag.
person puts down the food to grab the vacuum.
person they close the door.
person holding a door open.
a person is holding a bag.
person closes the door.
the person takes off their shoes.
a person opens the door to their bedroom.
a person opens a door.
person takes their shoes off.
a person opens the door.
the person opens their laptop.
a person was in their bedroom undressing.
the person put some bedtime clothes on.
person gets undressed.
person they take their shoes off.
person get dressed.
person closes the box.
person begins dressing to go outside.
person takes out their phone.
person starts throwing clothes.
a person is cooking on the stove.
person cooking some food on the stove.
person closes a laptop.
person holds a broom.
the person puts them on the table.
person takes out their phone.
person close the laptop.
person holding a laptop on their lap.
person closes the laptop.
person starts smiling.
person opens a book to read.
person eating some food.
the person puts the food down.
person eats a sandwich.
person begin to eat.
person goes into the laundry room to wash some clothes.
person takes off their shoes.
a person was reading a book.
a person is looking at a book.
person take off their shoes.
person they open a cabinet.
person they open the cabinet.
the person takes a dish from the cabinet.
person drink from a glass.
person eat it along with a drink.
person they eat some food.
the person next opens a cabinet.
a person is in a pantry opening a grocery bag.
person puts dishes on a shelf.
person put the dishes away first.
a person is smiling.
a person is opening a closet.
a person is cooking something on their stove.
person sits on the bed.
a person undresses.
person they put the blanket on the bed.
the person opens a door.
person sits on the bed.
person they begin dressing by putting on a jacket.
person they start drinking from a glass of water.
a person holding a dish.
person they throw a some clothes on the floor.
person sitting on chair turns to watch tv.
person they throw off their blanket.
a person is sitting in a chair watching television.
a person is undressing in front of the mirror.
person throws boxes on floor.
person they begin throwing a box around the room.
person after closing the door.
person closes the door.
a person walks through a doorway.
person opening refrigerator to take a pot out.
a person opens the refrigerator.
person close the refrigerator.
person drinks water out of a large cup or jug.
person put away the book.
person lies in the bed.
person watches television.
person lied down in bed.
person they pour something from the bottle.
a person holding a glass.
a person is talking on a phone.
a person sits talking on their phone.
person runs in through the entryway holding some clothes.
person they are holding a towel.
person began putting the towel on a towel rack.
person fixes his hair.
person they fix their hair.
person fixes their hair.
person takes pictures of himself using his phone.
person takes a picture in the mirror.
person closed the door.
person put on shoes,stood up from the chair.
a person is dressing in their bedroom.
person sitting on a chair.
person open the door.
person opened the door.
person closes a door.
person stand up.
person is smiling.
person closing the door.
a person fixes their hair in a mirror.
person he closes the door behind him.
person they stand up.
a person sits on the floor.
person drinking a cup of coffee.
person drinks from a cup.
a person is sitting on a chair.
person sitting in a chair.
a person opens a door.
person turns the light on.
person opens the door.
person turns on the light in the recreation room.
person turns on a light.
a person is undressing in front of the mirror.
a person is awakening on a bed.
a person awakens from under a blanket.
the person turns on a light.
person takes off their shoes.
a person turns on a light.
a person turns on the light.
the person walks through a doorway toward another room.
a person opens a cabinet.
a person awakens on the living room sofa.
person hurriedly putting on their shoes.
person puts on their shoes.
a person is sneezing.
person talking on the phone.
person they take off their shoes.
person takes their shoes off.
person play on a phone.
person laughing at a television show.
person they put the broom down.
a person laughs as they cook on the stove.
a person is cooking.
the person takes out a box of food.
person puts a bag of groceries on the table.
a person is sitting at a table.
person pours the contents from the bottle into the glass.
person pours it in a glass.
a person is pouring a drink into a glass.
a person is lying on floor eating a sandwich.
person eating a sandwich.
person watching television.
a person watching television.
person they take a book off the shelf.
person read the book.
a person is fixing a vacuum.
a person puts a sandwich on the shelf.
person drinks from a cup.
person they put their groceries on the bed.
person walks through doorway with groceries.
person takes off shoes.
person sits down on bed.
person takes their shoes off.
the person opens up their laptop.
person open the laptop.
person he pours a glass of soda.
the person put away the dishes in the cabinet.
a person is seen putting dishes away.
person sit in a chair when they are done.
person sits on chair.
person another works on a laptop.
a second person is working on their laptop.
a person is cooking food on the stove.
a person is at the kitchen stove cooking a meal.
person look out the window.
person a kid cooking.
person starts reading a book.
person looking out a window.
person setting down to look at a cook book.
the person turns around to look out of a window.
the person sits in a chair.
one person runs into the entryway.
a person is opening a door.
person begins to undress their clothes with a smile.
a person takes a laptop off a shelf.
person begin watching a video off of the laptop.
the person begins to take groceries out of the box.
person put them on a shelf.
person opening a box.
sneezing as the person does so.
the person opens a box.
person turn off the light.
person turns the light off.
person snuggling a pillow.
person drinking from a glass.
person they begin to drink from a glass of water.
person puts the pillow away.
person they take the cover off the pillow.
person the open the refrigerator.
person turns down the heat.
person washing a mirror in the hallway.
a person walks through the doorway.
the person puts the laptop down onto the table.
a person is looking out the window.
a person pours something into a cup.
one person pours soda in a glass at the sink.
the person sits down on the floor with a book.
person throws them on the floor.
a person is tidying up some clothes on their bed.
person closes the door.
person opens the closet door.
person was drinking a glass of water.
another person drinking a glass of water walks in.
a person is undressing in their closet.
person opens the door.
person turn the light off.
the person turns off the light.
person turns off the light.
person drinking a glass of water.
person sitting on couch eating.
person eating food off of two plates.
person is laughing at what he is watching.
person drinking ans smiling.
the person laughs.
person eating food from a few dishes.
a person is undressing.
person they look out a window.
person throwing the clothes on the floor.
person begins sneezing.
a person awakens on the couch.
a person walks through the doorway of their home office.
the person drinks from a cup of coffee.
the person washes their hands.
person closes their laptop.
a person closes their laptop.
washing the person's hands in a sink.
a person works on a laptop.
person washes their hands.
person closes the laptop.
person opened the door to walk out of the room.
person runs in room.
a person runs into the living room.
person comes running through the front door.
person running away.
person put it on a table.
person take a sandwich from a plate.
a person awakens in bed.
a person is standing in the laundry room eating.
person sitting at the table.
person they walk to the doorway of their bedroom.
person put their pillow on top of it.
person closing the door.
person puts a pillow over it.
one person runs through playing a game.
person look out window.
person they look out the window.
person looks out window.
person opening a window.
a person looks out the window.
person drinking a glass of water.
person they drink out of the glass.
person holding a glass of water.
person sits on a chair.
the person puts the blanket into the washing machine.
the person puts the blanket into a dishwasher.
person they sit down in a chair.
the person takes a blanket out form the box.
a person takes a blanket out of a box.
person takes a blanket out of it.
person turns on the light.
person turning on a light.
person they turn on a light.
person turns off the lights.
person turns off the light.
person they throw it on the floor.
the person throws their clothes on the floor.
person running their fingers through their hair.
a person runs into their bathroom.
a person runs into a bathroom.
person runs out of the room.
person runs out of the hallway.
the person switches off the light when exiting the room.
person puts shoes on.
person they begin putting on their shoes.
a person runs around a room.
a person is running around in the garage.
person take out their phone.
a person is undressing in their basement.
person opens door smiling folds towel puts ina closet.
person partially undressing.
person is opening door with groceries in hand.
person opens the entry way door.
another person is pouring coffee in cup.
person closes the door.
the person puts on a pair of shoes.
person puts on their shoes.
a person takes a bottle of water from the refrigerator.
a person is sitting down eating a sandwich.
person eating a sandwich.
person drinking a glass of water.
the person opened the door.
a person was smiling.
person opening the bedroom door.
person puts his shoes on.
person drinking coffee from a glass.
person he puts on his shoes.
person walks to the stove to cook breakfast.
person walks to cook at the oven.
person puts on shoes.
person closes the door.
person holding a laptop.
the person closes the door behind them.
person they put the thing on a table.
a person laughs.
person playing with the light on a nightstand.
person they are playing with the light.
another person is sitting on the bed.
another person is flicking the lights on.
a person walks through a doorway.
person takes a drink of a glass of water.
person take a drink from a cup on their counter.
person runs away.
a person is putting groceries on their table.
a person is cooking on the stove.
a person is cooking something on a stove.
person they take a drink from a glass.
starts laughing.the person turn.
person they laugh as the leave through the doorway.
a person is lying on a bed snuggling a pillow.
person reads the book.
person takes out a towel.
the person starts holding a pillow.
a person awakens in a closet snuggling their pillow.
person they stand up.
person close the door behind them.
a person awakens in the bathroom.
person they put the books down on a table.
a person is sneezing at their desk.
a person is running.
another person runs by.
a person runnings in.
person smiling at the homework.
person opens the closet.
a person is sitting on the floor opening a box.
person eats some cereal.
person eating a snack.
a person is smiling.
person closing the door to a refrigerator.
person closes a refrigerator door.
a person sitting on the floor opens a cabinet.
a person opens the door to the pantry.
a person sitting on stairs holds a glass.
person putting the glass down.
a person is sneezing.
a person is putting a sandwich on the table.
a person is smiling.
a person came out into the kitchen holding a bag.
a person is tidying the hall with a broom.
a person sits down in a chair.
person puts the cup on the floor.
a person sitting down in a chair.
person drinking from a cup.
person closes the fridge door.
person starts closing the refrigerator nearby.
person closed it's door.
a person is opening a sandwich bag in the pantry.
the person puts the food.
person they start undressing by taking their clothes off.
a person in the hallway is running around.
a person runs into the hallway.
person takes a camera from a shelf.
person they put it back on the shelf.
person puts it back on the shelf.
person takes a camera off a shelf.
another person walks through the doorway.
the person takes an item from the bag.
a person opens a door.
a person awakens on the sofa.
person sits down on a sofa,.
person b begins to sit on a couch.
person turning on a light.
the person turns off the light.
another person takes a phone from a table.
person they put a towel on the table.
person putting it on the table as well.
a person is putting a towel on a table.
person closes the door.
person take medicine.
person close the door.
person puts the phone in a pocket.
person puts the camera on a table.
a person in an entryway holding a broom sweeping.
person they pick up a bag take out a bottle.
person they take a bottle out of a backpack.
person throws the broom down.
the person starts sneezing on a box.
person close the door behind them.
person puts a broom under the bed.
a person runs into a bedroom holding a broom.
a person runs through the room.
the person begins laughing.
person takes a drink from a soda bottle.
person drinks from a bottle of water.
person eating from a bag of food.
person eats the food.
person eating some.
the person puts sits in a chair.
the person takes a laptop out from the bag.
the person takes a laptop computer out of a bag.
the person sits in the chair.
person begins working on the laptop.
person works on a laptop.
person walk out of the room holding the phone.
person they reenter the room holding a bag of groceries.
person looking at a desk picture.
person picks up a picture to look at.
person looking at the picture.
this person is eating some dough.
person begin to eat.
person eats by the window.
one person closes a box.
a person is opening a bag of groceries.
person sneezing on a picture in a kitchen.
person beginning to eat from a bag of potato chips.
the person opens the front door.
the person periodically takes a drink from a glass.
person takes a picture of it with a camera.
a person sits on their bed holding a broom.
person runs to touch the doorknob.
a person is sitting on a bed holding a broom.
person they turn off the light.
person fixes a broken door knob at the bathroom door.
a person is fixing a doorknob.
person getting dressed.
person turns the light on.
person turned on the light.
a person turns a light on.
person begins laughing.
person laughing in the kitchen.
person opening the refrigerator.
the person takes a drink from a cup of coffee.
person holding a picture.
in the laundry room the person is washing their clothes.
person they begin to eat as they use their phone.
person throws them on the floor.
person takes a book off the shelf.
person holding a cup of coffee.
person opens a book.
one person puts down a book.
person puts a cook book back where it belongs.
the person closes  the book.
person puts the book inside the cabinet.
person running to the door.
a person opens a door.
person opens the door.
person take a drink from a glass.
person drink from the glass.
person begins sneezing.
person throw something on the floor.
person closes the door to it.
a person puts a bag.
person dresses up by the door.
person takes his shoes off.
a man is laying on a floor in the doorway.
a person walks into the living room holding a bag.
person they put the bag on a chair.
this person walks in holding a bag.
person washes their hands.
person try to open a cabinet.
the person tries opening a cabinet.
person starts sneezing.
person opens the door.
the person puts a book on a shelf.
person puts on shelf.
person is opening a refrigerator.
person takes out a bag.
person they open the refrigerator.
a person is throwing clothes into a closet.
a person opens the closet door.
a person is undressing.
person starts laughing.
a person takes a cup of coffee from the table.
the person takes a bag.
the person takes a bottle of medicine from the desk.
a person is sneezing.
person they put the pillow on a chair.
person begins pouring it into a glass.
person pours medicine into a glass.
a person is laughing.
person talking on the phone.
person eat a sandwich.
a person standing in a doorway eating a sandwich.
a person stands in the door holding a sandwich.
person snuggling a pillow.
person begins to laugh.
a person throws a broom.
the person takes a towel from the shelf.
a person awakens sitting in a chair.
a person awakens in a chair in their recreation room.
a person begins undressing.
person sit on the sofa with blanket over the head.
person sits on a couch.
the person sits on the sofa.
person they take a bottle.
the person the opens a bag.
person take a book from their bag.
a person is working on a laptop.
the person opens the door to pick up a device.
a person walks through the doorway into an office.
person takes out a shoe box.
there is a person sitting in a chair.
the person in the chair is smiling.
another person is sitting in a chair.
person opens a box.
person recloses the box.
the person pushes the door open.
person walks through the doorway into the room.
one person with hair in a towel is smiling.
person they take a phone out of their pocket.
person begin snuggling under a blanket in the living room.
the person is putting their shoes on the floor.
a person is laughing.
person put their feet up on the table.
person take off their shoes.
person they laugh.
person sitting in the office chair for a moment.
person sits in a chair.
another person looks out the window.
takes a picture of the second person.
person the other was sneezing into a pillow.
person they ended by putting on their shoes.
person puts on shoes.
one person is sneezing on homework.
a person is smiling with a glass in their hand.
a person is holding a glass.
person holding a cup.
person put on some shoes.
a person is putting a broom in a corner.
person puts book on table.
a person is sitting on the floor reading a magazine.
a person is smiling.
person reading a book.
a person starts to tidy up a table.
person put food on a shelf.
a person is tidying a table.
person putting food on a shelf.
person opens a cabinet.
a person takes off their shoes.
person runs up the driveway into the garage.
person throws the book into red pillow over.
person eats it.
person drinking a cup of coffee.
person eating a sandwich.
person one on sofa eating.
person he sits down in a chair.
person takes a seat at the table.
the person reaches behind the person to open the cabinet.
person grabs a drink from a bottle.
person eats some more food.
person eats it.
person sits on a chair.
a person is pouring a drink in a glass.
person pours a drink into a glass.
person enters the bedroom holding a vacuum.
person putting the laptop on the couch.
one person closes a laptop.
person they stand up.
person throw the book across the room.
person throw the book through a doorway.
person taking a drink of water from a cup.
a person eats some food.
person is eating box of candy.
person starts laughing.
a person is putting some groceries on a table.
another person takes a laptop from a shelf.
person sits on the couch.
person takes a bite from a piece of food.
a person undresses in the recreation room.
person eating some food from a bag.
a person washes their hands in a sink.
person washing hands at the sink.
person open a door.
a person is washing their hands.
person sitting on the sofa.
a person is working on a laptop on a desk.
a person sits at their desk working on their laptop.
person runs from the room though the door.
person runs out of the room.
person turning off the light behind them.
the person suddenly turns off the light.
person they put the book in a bag.
person undressing in front of their mirror glass.
a person is putting things in a kitchen cupboard.
person takes off his shoes.
person he takes a drink from the cup.
person sneezing at the same time.
person puts it on a table near a window.
one person is sitting in a chair tossing a pillow.
person begins closing the cabinet over the sink.
person closed the cabinets beneath the sink.
person watching laptop kept something on the desk.
person watching something in the laptop drinking some coffee.
person they sit on bed.
person sitting in front of a mirror in a bedroom.
person started to close the laptop.
person closes their laptop.
person drinking a glass of water at the stove.
a person opens a door.
person drinks from a glass.
person opening a closet.
person they close the laptop.
person put it in a bag.
the person closed the laptop.
a person sits on the stairs working on their laptop.
person puts the bag over their shoulder.
