person left the room closing the door.
person puts the shoes they were holding on a shelf.
person closes the door.
person put the cup on the counter.
person pours some water into the cup.
person opens the door of a cabinet.
one person takes a stack of clothes.
a second person takes clothes off a chair.
another person puts clothes into a closet.
person sits on a couch.
a person throws a pillow.
person sits on a sofa.
person holding a book.
a person opens a doorway to get into the house.
person they put on some shoes.
person putting on blue tennis shoes.
the person is holding a cup.
person throwing clothes under the doorway in the entryway.
the person walks to the desk holding a bag.
person holding a bag of groceries.
that same person opens the refrigerator door.
person open the refrigerator.
person opening a door they go in the door.
a person sits at a table.
person sitting on the sofa.
person they take some food out of a bag.
person eat it.
person pouring a drink into a glass.
person sits on the couch using his laptop.
person pour some water into a glass.
a person is eating out of a bag.
person stand up.
there is a person eating a sandwich.
that same person puts the sandwich on a chair.
the person eats the sandwich.
person they start watching themselves in the mirror.
a person is undressing.
person putting their clothes on the table.
a person runs through the kitchen doorway.
the person closes the laptop.
person sits in a chair.
person begins sneezing.
person holding a broom by the desk.
person they open up the box.
person holding a bag of groceries.
a person is sitting on a bed eating a sandwich.
person stand up.
person eating a sandwich.
person they put the sandwich down.
the person inside turns around a takes a picture.
person takes a picture.
a person holding a bag opens the refrigerator.
a person holding a bag throws food into a refrigerator.
a person with bags in their hands opens the refrigerator.
a person is undressing.
person opens a door.
the person opens a door.
person sits on a chair.
person sits down in a chair.
person closes the door.
person closes a door.
a person runs into a bathroom.
a person runs into the bathroom.
person they stand up to grab a blanket.
a person takes a box.
a person walks through a doorwaywhile using their phone.
person the cup was put down.
the person takes a drink from a glass of water.
person playing with their phone.
person take medicine from a pill bottle.
the person puts the book down.
person laughing at a picture hanging on the wall.
person they begin opening a door.
one person undresses.
person which they close the door.
a person closes a door in a room.
person they close the door.
a person is closing the door.
a person takes a book from their desk.
person opens a door.
person closes a door.
person drinking from a bottle.
person puts the camera down.
person holding a camera.
the person plays with the camera.
a person walks from a doorway to a table.
i person is putting their camera on a table.
a person is walking in through the doorway.
person playing with a camera in their hand.
the person opens the refrigerator door.
a person is cooking on the stove.
person opening the refrigerator door.
the person is cooking.
person run to the couch.
person starts running to the sofa.
person they pull out a camera to take a picture.
person takes a picture.
person begins to fix their hair in a mirror.
a person is sitting in a hallway smiling.
person smiling at the television.
person starts watching a television program.
a person awakening from a nap on a sofa.
person holding a broom.
the person is holding a broom.
a person is holding a broom.
person tidying some clothes in a box.
one person is opening the cabinet door.
a person opens a closet.
the person takes a picture of themselves.
a person is in the bathroom washing their hands.
a person is washing their hands in a sink.
person take a camera from a box.
person take a picture of them self.
person puts the phone back into their pocket.
a person drinks from a cup.
person drinking from a white cup.
person eating a sandwich.
person eating a sandwich,.
person they put the books on a coffee table.
a person is walking into the kitchen eating a sandwich.
person close some cabinet doors.
person begins eating.
person puts their food on a table.
person begins to eat them.
person walks to a partially open door.
person open the door.
person sits down in a chair.
person is sitting down eating food.
the person drinks a glass of water.
person turning the light off.
person turned off the light.
person stand up.
person begins undressing.
person takes a shot of medicine.
a person puts some clothes into a box.
person they put the clothing in a box.
person they take clothes from the bag.
person walks away holding the clothes.
a person closes the door.
a person closes a door.
this person closes a door.
a person laughs as they open a box.
a person opens a box.
the person takes some shoes from the box.
a person is throwing some clothes on the floor.
person walks through the doorway.
person begins to dress more warmly in the doorway.
person finish dressing with some of the clothes in it.
a person is holding a pillow.
person begin smiling.
person throwing a book.
person closes the door.
person closing the door of a bathroom.
person takes some medicine.
a person laying on the floor stands.
a person awakens on the floor of the kitchen.
person serve themselves a glass of water to drink.
person they awaken.
a person takes a book from a cabinet.
one person wearing shoes is smiling.
person throwing them on the floor.
the person opens a refrigerator.
person is opening refrigerator.
person sit on the sofa.
the person puts the thermos into a shelf.
a person pours a cup of coffee from a thermos.
person they put the coffee on the shelf.
the person pours a cup of coffee into a glass.
person proceeds to work/play on the laptop.
person playing on the laptop.
the person sits on the floor.
person take a clean glass out of the dishwasher.
person puts the cup on the table.
person goes to the stove to cook.
person put the clean glass on the table.
person takes some medicine.
a person takes a look out a window.
person closing the dryer door.
person look out the window.
a person drinks a glass of water.
person they close a cabinet door.
person closing a door.
the person looks out the window.
person drink from a cup of coffee.
a person pours some water into a glass.
a person is laughing on the phone.
person closing a door.
person they take their shoes off.
person takes off their shoes.
a person is laughing as the watch tv.
person laughing at a video on a laptop.
person leaves talking on the phone.
a person smiles as they put away groceries.
a person is in a entryway sneezing by the doorway.
person start undressing.
person put it into a bag on a table.
a person walks into the doorway.
person put their clothes in a bag.
person fixes their hair in a mirror.
person walks through a doorway.
person throws it on the floor.
a person throws a broom on the floor.
person another is putting shoes in a box.
another person is putting shoes in a bag.
a person in a garage is awakens on a sofa.
the person opens a book.
a person smiles at himself in a mirror.
person takes a towel out of a box.
person takes some medicine.
person take some medicine.
person puts shoes on.
person gets from the bed to sit in a chair.
person eating a sandwich.
person eating foot.
person drinks from a coffee cup.
person walks out through the same doorway.
person walking through a doorway.
a person is opening the door.
person opened the front door.
person takes a load of clothes.
a person is washing dishes in a sink.
the person sits on the bed.
one person awakens.
person starts getting dressed.
person throws a blanket towards the doorway.
they throw a book back at the other person.
person the people in the video were throwing a pillow.
that person is smiling because they think it is funny.
the person takes a bite of sandwich.
person walks through the doorway.
person opening a door.
the person sits at a chair next to the stove.
person they sit down on the sofa.
person stand up.
person also putting a pillow onto the ground.
a person with a laptop sits on a sofa.
person they take a pillow.
person watching television.
person holding cup sits down drinking wiping shirt.
a person is drinking a cup of cocoa.
one person is running down the stairs grasping medicine.
a person runs down the stars.
person while walking into through the doorway.
person opens door.
the person started sneezing.
person closes the same window.
the person walks through a doorway.
person starts to get dressed.
a woman running in a kitchen.
person sits down in a chair.
person they sit in a chair.
a person runs into the laundry room.
the person runs into the kitchen holding a book.
a person holding a bag of groceries in a kitchen.
person opens a refrigerator door.
person close the refrigerator.
person a phone runs to the end of a room.
a person runs into a recreation room holding a bag.
a person walks through the doorway.
a person enters the laundry room holding a box.
person holding a box.
person holding a bag of groceries.
person they put on a bag.
a person puts a towel on the rack.
person lying on the couch who sits up.
a person awakens.
person dresses by putting on a jacket.
person they stand up.
person put the blanket away into a cabinet.
person they stand up.
a person is lying on the floor reading a book.
person opens the door.
person walks to the doorway.
person walk through the doorway.
person open a door.
the person is dressing themselves in front of a mirror.
person turn off the light.
a person finishes dressing their bathroom.
person closes the door.
person walk through the doorway.
person they take a bag from the cabinet.
a person is smiling.
a person opens up a refrigerator.
a person opens the cabinet.
man opens a kitchen pantry door.
person puts down a book.
person turns out the light.
a person is turning on a light.
person they put the glass down.
a person is holding a towel.
person closes door.
person opens doorknob.
person opens the door.
person puts the phone down.
person opening the refrigerator.
person takes a bag out.
one person sitting in a chair closes a laptop.
person sits in the chair.
another person laughs.
laughing at the person on the chair.
a person is sitting in a chair.
a person puts a book on the table.
person opens the refrigerator to look in.
a person is laughing.
person they close the book.
another person is watching tv on their laptop.
person eating a sandwich.
a person is eating at their desk.
a person opens a door.
the person closes the door behind them.
person begins undressing.
a person holding a pillow walks through a hallway.
a person is holding a pillow.
person throws a pillow.
person sitting down to eat a sandwich.
the person begins to eat a sandwich.
person they put down the food.
person put the food down on a nearby table.
another person is putting a picture on the wall.
person closes the fridge door.
person eats a sandwich.
person puts dishes in sink.
person takes a towel out of a cabinet.
person takes a towel from the shelf.
person eating a sandwich.
person begins eating.
person drink a cup of coffee.
person drinks from a glass.
person goes back by washing mashine puts clothes in bag.
person sits down on floor in laundry room.
person pours milk into cup.
a person is smiling.
another person is standing up sneezing.
person reading through the book.
person opens the book.
the person closes the book.
person closes the book.
a person is sneezing.
the person puts down the pillow.
person takes a laptop from a shelf.
person grabs a broom to begin tidying up.
person walks into the room which has the light on.
person takes a book from the table in the entryway.
person turned on the light.
person turns on the light.
person takes out a book.
person walks through another doorway.
person walks toward a doorway.
person turns on the light.
person quickly awakens.
a person puts a towel on the counter.
person they take off their shoes once inside the bathroom.
person start undressing.
the person in the video is starting to undress.
person sits on a couch.
the person closes the refrigerator door.
person they put the phone on a table.
person turn off the light.
the person puts the water onto the shelf.
person takes the medicine.
the person put a towel on the doorknob.
person closes the cabinet door.
a person is putting a towel on the doorknob.
person opens a cabinet.
person started undressing.
person takes out a box of medicine.
a person puts clothes on a doorknob.
person he undresses.
person turning off the light.
person they turn off the light.
the person puts the towel down.
person they start opening a cabinet.
person appears to be sneezing repeatedly.
person starts to laugh happily.
a person is holding a pillow.
person holding a pillow.
person puts down a cup.
person drinks from cup.
person turns on the light.
person turns on a light.
the person puts the box on the floor.
a person is putting towels.
person walk out through a doorway.
laughing as the person stands in the doorway.
a person awakens on a bed.
person throws a blanket on the floor.
a person is holding a blanket in a doorway.
person opens a door.
person closes a door.
person drinks from a cup of coffee.
the person drinks from the cup.
the person sits in a chair at the table.
the person opens the refrigerator.
person is sitting at table drinking coffee.
a person runs through the door with a towel.
a person runs into their study.
a person in a bathroom starts sneezing.
a person opens a door.
while the person was opening the front doorknob.
person opens a closet door.
a person is undressing in front of a mirror.
person undresses in front of a mirror.
person holding a camera.
a person runs up the stairs.
a person takes a glass of water from a window.
person holding a glass of water.
the person closes the box.
person closes the box.
person lays on the floor.
a person walks through a doorway holding a box.
the person opens the box.
person throwing towel on floor.
a person pours coffee in a cup in a doorway.
person pours coffee into a glass at the table.
person sneezing into a glass in a living room.
person opens a door walks out.
person where they take a blanket from the shelf.
person they take a blanket from a shelf.
person holding a pair of shoes.
person puts down a pair of shoes.
a person is drinking a cup of coffee.
a person is running into the bathroom.
person opens up the window.
person turns on the light.
person turning on a light.
the person runs into the bathroom.
person starts smiling.
a person fixes a vacuum.
person they finish dressing by putting on a cap.
another person is putting a glass on the table.
a person is undressing in a bathroom.
a person is undressing.
person takes a pillow from the bed.
a person is laughing.
person throwing food in the trash bin.
a person cooking.
a person is cooking.
person closes a door.
person eat a sandwich.
person eating a sandwich.
person they stand up.
person begins tidying some clothes.
person they open the bag.
the person opens a cabinet.
person laughing with a camera.
person puts the food down.
one person is cooking.
another person holding food walks to a table.
person takes a drink out of the cup.
the person puts a pair of shoes in the sink.
person starts to eat the sandwich.
person eats a sandwich.
one person is in the basement eating a sandwich.
a person is sitting at at table eating a sandwich.
person entering house they take a drink from glass.
a person is sitting on a chair in their garage.
person takes a picture of themselves.
the person takes their phone from their pocket.
person use the camera to take a picture of themself.
a person opens a door.
person sits on the chair.
a person is sitting in a chair in the doorway.
person takes the glass off the table.
person pouring water into a glass.
person sneezing into a blanket in a bedroom.
person they drink the water out of the glass.
person take some medicine.
the person is sneezing in a towel.
person take out a vacuum.
a person opens the door of a wardrobe.
person they throw the clothes in the closet.
person walk away smiling.
person puts the clothes in the wardrobe.
a person is cooking on a stove in the kitchen.
person starts fixing a vacuum.
the person is cooking.
a person puts a broom into a closet.
a person puts a broom down inside their closet.
person talking on the phone.
a person is sitting eating something.
person eating something.
person eating in front of a television.
person laughing at something.
person pouring it into a cup to make some coffee.
person smiling in the entryway mirror.
person takes some towels.
person begin dressing.
a person opens a bag.
person they take some clothes.
a person puts something on a shelf.
a person is sneezing.
person drinking from a cup.
person takes a book off of a shelf.
person closes the door behind him.
a person is looking at a picture on a cabinet.
a person looks at a picture on a cabinet.
a person opening a laptop.
a person opens their laptop.
the person closes their laptop.
the person opens the bag.
the person takes off their shoes.
person sits on sofa.
the person throws the book on the floor.
person put the bag down.
person puts bag back on table.
person put on their shoes.
a person throws some dirty clothes from a chair.
person finally puts on shoes.
the person begins dressing.
person they get dressed.
person sit in the chair.
sneezing as the person does so.
person looks out the window.
person two people sit on chairs in a living room.
person takes a phone.
a person is watching television.
a person is opening a refrigerator.
another person closes the door to a refrigerator.
person watches television.
person opened a bag of chips.
person watching television instead.
a laughing person comes in through the door.
a person walks through a door laughing.
person they begin undressing starting with their shoes.
another person is closing the door to the bedroom.
another person opens a closet door.
person eat food.
person eating food remains.
person eat some snack food.
a person is lying on the floor eating a sandwich.
person walks down the hallway to turn off the light.
the person pauses to turn on a light.
the person turns on the light.
person opens their laptop to work on it.
person puts the pillow in a cabinet.
the person snuggled with the pillow for a few seconds.
person begins cooking it.
person begins cooking on a stove.
a person opens a refrigerator door.
the person puts the glass of water on the table.
person runs back to the camera.
person takes a towel.
person they are putting a pillow into a bag.
person putting them on a table.
a person is awakening near a door.
person begins to put on their shoes.
person sits in a chair to put shoes on.
person they go sit at a table.
person work on a laptop.
person takes out food.
a person is putting food into a pan.
person cooking it.
a person is dressing on the stairs.
the person opens a door.
a person drinks a cup of coffee.
person closes a window.
a person closes the garage window.
person turn off the light.
person they turn off the light.
person eating some food.
person eats food from a bag.
person runs across the room.
a person holding a paper runs across a room.
sits in a chair .the person takes a bottle.
a person runs.
another person is opening the door.
person starts laughing.
person looking out into an open window.
person looks out the window.
stirs it .the person takes a drink of the cup.
person take a drink from the cup.
person they put the cup on the table.
person sits in a chair.
person pours a glass of water.
person looks through a window.
a person sits down at a dining room table.
person looks out the window.
the person is pouring water into a glass.
person picks up a book to read.
person put their clothes in the closet.
person they start undressing by taking their jacket off.
person begins to undress.
person start watching the book.
person eats food from a plate.
person sits on the floor.
person they sit on the floor.
a person is washing dishes.
person takes a bite of the sandwich.
person opens a book.
the person puts the book down sneezes.
person starts sneezing.
person holding a camera.
person sit down in a chair.
a sneezing person walks into a kitchen eating a cookie.
person turn on a light.
person sits on a chair.
a man sneezing.
person turns on a light.
person turning a light on.
a person is sneezing.
person eat something.
person holding a bag of groceries.
a person is sneezing.
a person undressed in a bathroom.
opens it .the person lays the book on a stand.
person reads a book.
person look out the window.
a person sits down on a chair.
person throwing clothes on the bed.
a person is throwing clothes on a bed.
person they put their book on a table.
person putting clothes in a bag in a wardrobe.
a person is cooking in the kitchen.
a person is cooking on the stove.
this person is cooking in the kitchen.
person starts sneezing.
the person starts sneezing repeatedly from the pepper.
person put a pillow on to the floor.
person puts on shoes.
person puts on some shoes.
person closes the door.
person takes a pillow off of the bed.
person closing the door.
a person takes a pillow to the wardrobe.
person someone runs up to their door.
a person is running to open the door.
a person is watching a laptop.
person eating some food.
person they eat some food.
a person throws a blanket on their bed.
a person is throwing a blanket on a bed.
person cook it on the stove.
a person opens the refrigerator.
the person begins cooking the items on the stove.
a person works on a laptop.
a person closes a laptop.
person looking out the window.
person they look out a window.
person takes a bag of chips out.
person opened the bag.
a person turns on a light.
person turns on the light.
person he puts the picture down.
person turning off the light.
a person opens the door to a closet.
person they turn off the light.
there is a person cookingon the stove.
person puts some dishes in the sink.
that person opens a cabinet.
person continue cooking.
a person is cooking at a stove.
a person awakens in a bedroom holding a phone.
person they both laugh.
person turns on the light.
person turn on the lights.
person they open the garage door.
person a phone is taken out.
person watching themselves in a mirror.
person eating a cookie.
a second person eats food.
person sneezing on the food.
person starts eating it.
person puts a bag on the sofa.
the second person puts a bag next to the bag.
person turns on the light.
person playing with a phone.
person so they begin undressing.
person washes hands.
the person dumps the clothes in the washer.
a person puts clothes in a dishwasher.
person washes hands in the sink.
a person opens a closet door.
person throws a pair of shoes inside.
person opens the door.
person closes the cabinet door.
a person undresses in front of a bathroom mirror.
person opens  the  mirrored -door medicine cabinet.
person they open the mirror to reveal a cabinet.
person puts them on a table.
person take the clothes.
person picks up a book puts it on a desk.
the person puts papers on their shelf.
person put it on the shelf.
person takes a few pictures with a camera.
person puts clothes away in a closet.
person close door.
person putting the camera down.
the person puts the camera down.
person washes their hands in the sink.
person going into the bathroom to wash hands.
person another closes the door.
person putting a broom away.
when another person walks over to close a door.
person they are smiling as they work on their laptop.
a person is smiling at a laptop.
person looking out a window.
a person is holding a cup.
person holding a glass of water.
another person opens the door.
person starts washing the window.
person start sneezing.
a person is standing fixing a door.
person pours a drink into a cup.
person they take their shoes that they are wearing off.
person holding a box.
person leaving the fridge door open.
the person opens the refrigerator.
the person sees the open refrigerator door.
person opens the refrigerator.
person they close the door.
a person is seen closing the refrigerator door.
a person stands by a door laughing throwing a pillow.
person throwing a pillow.
a person laughs.
person holding a bag of clothes.
the person throws down the bag.
person puts bag down.
person takes their laptop from the shelf.
person they take a laptop from the counter.
the person begins laughing.
person they take a drink from a cup.
person put their shoes on.
a person is awakening from laying on a bed.
person take a laptop from a shelf.
person getting food out cooking the food on the table.
person walking in the room open a refrigerator.
a person is cooking at a stove.
person sits down on the bed.
person holding the shoes.
a person is standing in a bedroom holding their shoes.
person they dress.
person starts dressing.
person started dressing.
a person in a closet is smiling.
person opening a book.
the person is sitting in a closet eating a sandwich.
person eating a sandwich.
a person holding a broom walks into the kitchen.
person sneezing at the same time.
a person walks in a room holding a broom.
a person is laughing.
person starts watching out of the window.
person looks through a window.
a person is holding a bag.
person smiling at something on their phone.
the person lies down on the bed.
the person throws the pillow down the staircase.
person throws the pillow.
a person is sitting on the staircase holding a pillow.
a person is washing dishes with a towel.
person washing dishes.
person they close the cabinet door.
person opening up a book.
person they close the door.
person open up a book.
person eating out of a bowl.
person puts the water on the shelf.
the person is eating a sandwich.
person working on the laptop.
person they put the laptop down on the table.
a person opens their laptop.
a person puts some trash in a box.
person puts the box next to a television.
a person throws clothes.
the person takes a sandwich out of the bag.
person takes out a sandwich.
person take a sandwich out of the bag.
person cooks something on the stove.
person cooking dinner.
person takes a picture with their cellphone camera.
person opens the front door.
person closes the refrigerator.
a person is undressing in the basement.
person runs out.
person runs out the door.
person leaving the door open.
the person opens the door.
person begin to undress.
the person looks at the picture.
person looking at a picture.
person takes a book from the table.
person takes a picture from the table.
a person is undressing in a dining room.
person stand up.
person box are put on a table in the closet.
person sit down at a table.
person sits in a chair with a phone.
the person opens a refrigerator to get food.
person start playing on their phone.
a smiling person awakens on the stairs holding a towel.
a person takes off his shoes.
person takes out two bottles from the refrigerator.
person proceeds to open the refrigerator door.
a person throws their shoes through the doorway.
a person stands on a chair.
person another is putting dishes in a cabinet.
person someone stands on a chair to replace a lightbulb.
person drink from a glass that was on the floor.
the person drinks from a glass.
person sneezing into a phone in the basement.
person throwing a blanket on the floor.
a person awakens in a bedroom.
a person pours a cup of coffee.
a person enters the kitchen holding a pillow.
a person is throwing a pillow onto the sofa.
person closing the door behind her.
person closing the door behind them.
person puts a pillow on a sofa.
a person awakens in bed.
person sneezing into blanket.
a person is watching a television.
person put the glass on a table.
a person is pouring something in a glass.
person pour it into the glass.
a person opens a refrigerator.
person eating some food.
one person is eating.
person read a book.
person watching a video of some kind on a laptop.
person watching a video on a laptop.
a person takes bags.
person they begin opening bags.
a person throws a broom in the corner.
a person sits in a chair eating.
person walks to a shelf to tidy up books.
the person was doen eating.
person put their shoes on.
a person is sitting on a bed sneezing.
person puts their shoes on.
another person opens a bag.
a person takes some clothes from a chair.
the person takes a cup off the shelf.
person drinking a glass of water the find a box.
a person in a closet putting a blanket away.
a person  putting a towel on a shelf.
person takes a box off the shelf.
person opens door to room.
one person stands at a stove loaded with dishes cooking.
one person is at the laundry sink sneezing.
the person drinks from a bottle.
a person is holding a medicine bottle.
a person sits in a chair.
person holding a broom.
person sits down in a chair.
a person is putting clothes in the washer.
a person throwing clothes into the washing machine pours detergent.
a person opens the door to a closet.
person throws a box onto a shelf.
person puts the bags on the bottom shelf.
a person puts clothes on a shelf.
person holding a broom.
a person is sitting on a chair holding a broom.
a person is in their kitchen sitting on a chair.
a person is eating some food from a bag.
a person eats out of a bag.
person turn off a light.
person off a light.
a person is putting a broom in the pantry.
person holding a broom.
a person is opening a door.
person they close the door.
person sits at a chair at a table.
the person sits in a chair.
person puts the towel on the chair.
person puts it on a shelf.
a person plays on a phone.
person drinks milk from a glass.
person opening a bag.
person drinking something from a cup.
person points at the wall smiling.
a person is undressing under the light.
person begin dressing by a window.
a person undresses.
person dressing in front of the window on the stairs.
person get dressed.
person pause to eat it.
person takes some food on a plate out to eat.
the person opens the refrigerator.
person the other eats some food.
person run back down carrying a box.
a laughing person runs down the stairs holding a box.
person stand up.
person pours a glass of water.
person putting trash in a bag.
person open a refrigerator.
a person walks through a doorway.
person opens a closet door.
person looks at a picture.
the person laughs at the picture.
a person is eating a sandwich.
person takes some food out of a bag.
person puts box in closet.
person eats small food item.
person takes the box.
person eats it.
person closes box.
person opening a refrigerator in a kitchen.
person open the door.
person begins sneezing.
person standing to look out the window.
person looks out the window.
person is smiling in the mirror.
a person is looking at themselves in a mirror smiling.
person eats a sandwich.
person starts eating.
a person is putting a broom inside the pantry door.
a person holds a broom.
person opens the doors of the cabinet.
person eats the sandwich.
person closes the cabinet doors.
a person is smiling.
person laughing in front of a mirror.
person putting clothes in a box in a bedroom.
person puts things away in a shelf.
person decides to look out of the window.
the person begins laughing.
person looks out of the window.
person looks out the window.
person they stand up.
person working on their laptop.
person they drink a bottle of water.
a person walks through the doorway of a pantry.
a person sits on a sofa with a blanket.
the person takes a book out of the bag.
a person runs to a desk.
a smiling person runs through the doorway.
person takes a book out of their bookbag.
the person puts a bag down on the desk.
the person holds up a towel.
person put them on a shelf.
one person puts shoes on a shelf in a cabinet.
a person is washing their hands in the bathroom.
person drinking a cup of coffee in the pantry.
a person opens a bag of food.
person they put the cup of coffee on the counter.
person sitting at a desk eating.
person puts the sandwich on the plate.
a person opens a door.
a person is in the basement tidying up a shelf.
person closes the box.
a person is undressing in a doorway.
person started undressing.
the person put a towel on the doorknob.
a person is running through a living room.
the person sits on a couch.
a person runs into the kitchen.
a laughing person has a blanket wrapped around their shoulders.
the person is standing there smiling.
person smiling at a picture on the wall.
person close the door.
person turning off a light.
the person puts the glass back.
person putting the coffee down on a table.
person take off their shoes.
a person is cooking food on a stove.
person opens a refrigerator to pour milk.
a person is cooking something on the stove.
person open door.
a person is sitting at their desk watching television.
person opening his front door.
person opening the door to air it out.
person sitting down laughing at their desk.
a person is sitting in a chair smiling.
person runs out of the room through an entryway.
person runs out room with pillow.
person they start running to the door.
person began watching the laptop.
person begin watching a show on a laptop.
person put the glass in the refrigerator.
a person pours a glass of water that they.
a person cooking in their kitchen opens their refrigerator.
a person opens the refrigerator.
person start cooking on the stove.
person begin cooking some food at a stove.
person take out some food.
a person undresses.
person stand up.
person begin dressing.
a person is awakening under a blanket.
person eats some.
person closing the cabinet.
the person eats the food.
a person opens a closet.
a person takes a stack of papers off a table.
person puts his laptop in a bag.
a person opens the door to the laundry room.
person closing the door behind them.
a person awakens in their bedroom.they look in a mirror.
the person appears to be cooking something.
a person is cooking on a stove.
person closing cabinets.
a person is closing the cabinet.
person take a picture of the clothes.
a person is throwing clothes on the floor.
a person is sneezing.
a person is sitting in a chair at a desk.
a person is sitting on a couch watching television.
person someone walks through a doorway.
person they take a picture with their phone.
person takes a phone from the table.
