a person is putting a book on a shelf.
person begins to play on a phone.
person start playing on their phone.
person pouring it into a glass.
the person pours some water into the glass.
person pours water into a glass.
person starts watching television.
person takes a cup out the fridge.
person sneezing on a mirror.
a person is awakening.
holding a small personal mirror.
a person is playing with their camera.
a person is sitting in front of a computer sneezing.
person starts sneezing.
person put a notebook in a bag.
person all of a sudden they start sneezing.
person opening a door.
person they put on their shoes.
person puts on shoes.
person they take a mobile phone.
person put some shoes on.
a person tidying a wardrobe in an entryway is smiling.
a person cooking on the stove.
a person is cooking something on a stove.
the person puts the coffee on the table.
another person runs out the room.
another man running past.
another person is running in shoes.
person opens door to closet.
a person is seen watching television.
a person is watching television on the sofa.
person is sitting on couch watching television.
person seen opening the door to a hallway closet.
a person is awakening in bed.
person opens a laptop.
a person opens a laptop.
the person opens up a laptop.
person drinking a glass of water.
a person is opening a book.
person put back on the table.
person pours some water into a glass.
person sitting on the sofa eating out of a dish.
a person opens up a door.
person puts his shoes on.
person puts on a shoe.
person they open the door.
person start putting shoes on.
a person opens a door by grasping a doorknob.
person also turning off the light.
person drinking a glass of water.
person holding a glass.
person appear to take some medicine by swallowing it.
the person can take their medicine.
person close the door.
person open a door.
person a guy is sitting in a chair.
person takes out a glass.
person opens a refrigerator.
the person watches television.
a person is undressing.
person they close the laptop.
a person is playing on a laptop.
a person sits in a chair working on a laptop.
the person undressed from all clothes.
person put the clothes.
person takes off their shoes.
person he puts something on a table next to dishes.
person putting them on a table.
person they are also drinking from a cup.
person they're drinking a glass of water.
the person puts the sandwich on a table.
person snuggles up in a freshly cleaned blanket.
person closes the refrigerator.
person they open the refrigerator.
a person opens a refrigerator.
person eats it.
person they stop to eat some food.
a person puts clothes into a washing machine.
a person awakens in bed.
a woman walks around holding a blanket/pillow.
person they stand up.
person sits in a chair.
person sit back down in the chair.
a person sitting in a chair snuggles a pillow.
a person snuggles with a pillow.
another person holds a bag.
person one holding a bag.
a person is holding a bag of food.
person throwing his bag down.
person they throw it on the floor.
person they throw the bag on the floor too.
a person walks into a room opens a box.
a person opens a box.
person takes a blanket out.
person closes the box.
person close the cabinet.
person they stand up.
person open the cabinet  below.
one person puts a box on a shelf.
another person holding a pillow starts sneezing.
person eat a sandwich they walk out of the bathroom.
person eating a sandwich in front of a mirror.
person use their foot to close the door.
person close a door with their feet.
person lays on some clothes on the floor.
person puts the camera in a box on the floor.
the person closes the box.
person puts the coffee cup in a box.
person starts laughing.
person closes a door.
person after eating.
person they are on their laptop eating a sandwich.
the person debating on tidying up or reading a book.
person sit down in a chair.
person starts putting away clothes.
the person sits down on a chair.
person puts some clothes on a bench.
person put it on a shelf.
person puts the camera on a shelf.
a person runs into the closet.
a person walks through a doorway into a living room.
person opening a bag.
a person puts a book on a shelf.
the person puts the book back on the shelf.
a person throws a book onto the shelf.
person eating a bowl of soup.
person walks over to open a door.
person turns on a light.
person sits on the bed to read it.
the person takes a book from a table.
the person sat down to read a book.
the person throws their clothes in a pantry.
a person is in a bathroom doorway undressing.
person they close the door to the laundry room.
person closes the door.
the person puts detergent on the clothes.
a person is putting clothes in the washing machine.
person starts washing a load of clothes.
person they close the washer door.
person pouring a glass of water.
a person is sneezing.
person he opens a cabinet.
person closing a cabinet.
a person is sneezing.
person closes a door.
person lies on a bed.
person get up from their seats.
person take a book out their bag.
person drinks out of a glass.
a smiling person is dressing in their basement.
person putting on clothes.
a person is undressing in front of a mirror.
person opening a sandwich in a bag.
person sitting on chair jumps up turns off light.
person the stand up.
person turn off the light.
person drinking a cup of coffee.
person the other one keeps sneezing.
person plays with a phone.
person start playing with their phone.
a person holds a pillow.
person opens a window.
the person opens the window.
person they open the window.
person sitting at a table.
a person sits in a chair.
person takes out the cards from the box.
a person put groceries in the cabinet in the kitchen.
the person was opening the cabinet.
person closes the refrigerator door.
person starts cooking at the stove.
person starts cooking with a pan.
one person closes the refrigerator.
person start to close the book.
person closes the book.
the person places the pair of shoes on the dresser.
person starts dressing.
the person is smiling.
a smiling person is opening the wardrobe door.
person takes out some clothes.
person eating in the bathroom.
a person is sneezing in the pillow.
a person is sneezing.
person opens a cabinet.
the person takes a can of food from a shelf.
a person awakening in their bedroom.
a person is walking through a doorway holding a towel.
when they start laughing at something another person said.
person they both laugh.
person takes off shoes.
a person holding a bag takes off their shoes.
a person enters the front door holding a bag.
person eating a sandwich.
the person starts eating something.
a person enters holding a towel.
a person is holding a camera.
person open a door.
a person opens a cabinet in a living room.
person they put the camera in a cabinet.
person undressing beside the chair next to the light.
a person works on a laptop.
person occasionally looking at an opened book.
one person sits working on a laptop laughing.
a person takes a book off of a shelf.
the person puts the book down.
a person takes a book off of a shelf,turns.
person opens a laptop.
person plays with a laptop.
a person opens a book.
person #1 smiled as person #2 walked through the doorway.
another person is smiling at food.
person throwing them on the floor.
a person throws a pillow through the doorway.
a person holding a pillow throws it on the floor.
the person takes a sandwich.
person puts them on a shelf in a cabinet.
person begins sneezing.
a person is running back.
person throws the pillow onto the floor.
person they awaken.
person takes a phone off a shelf.
one person awakens.
a person awakens on a bed.
person eating a sandwich.
a person is seen eating a sandwich at their desk.
a person is eating.
person eating a snack.
person playing on their laptop.
person talking on their phone.
person they later sit on a chair.
a person undresses in the bedroom doorway.
person sits down on a chair.
person smiling at each other.
another person sits in a chair.
one person takes a blanket from a cabinet.
person takes out a blanket from a cabinet.
the person pours a drink into a cup.
a person takes some clothes out of a bin.
person they put the cleaner back on the shelf.
person the tidying a shelf in the garage.
person puts the stuff back on the shelf.
person vegins to throw a broom on the floor.
person undresses quickly.
the person turns the light on.
person flips on a light switch.
the person takes off their shoes.
person take off their shoes.
person take their shoes off.
a person opens a door.
person closes the door back.
person close the door of the pantry.
person fix their hair.
person puts it on the dining room table.
the person takes their shoes off.
a person is cooking on the stove.
person the open a box of food.
person they open a box.
person pour it in the pot they are cooking with.
a person is cooking at the stove.
person watches a car through the window.
a person takes a vacuum to the entryway.
person is talking on the phone.
person talking on the phone.
person closing the door behind them.
carries through a door to the outside/ the person opens.
a person takes a pillow off a sofa.
one person runs through.
person takes a bag.
person runs out the front door.
a person runs into a living room.
person fixes his hair.
person throw a book down the stairs too.
person takes a picture of something on a shelf.
person put the plate on a table.
person sit down on a sofa.
person they sit on the couch.
a person is dressing.
a person puts a pair of shoes into a bag.
person throws the bag up the stairs.
person he throws the bag as well.
second person takes a picture.
a person is putting on clothes.
the person throws the blanket on a chair.
another person eating sandwich.
person takes a drink from a cup.
person drinking a cup of coffee.
the person places the cup on a laptop computer.
person close the door.
a person is playing with their phone.
person closes the doorknob.
the person drinks the glass of water.
the person pours water into a glass.
person they pour something into a glass.
a person pours water into a glass.
person closing their cabinet.
person they start to take some medicine with a spoon.
person eats it.
a person is sneezing.
person close the door to their bedroom.
person they close the door.
a person is cooking on a stove.
a person is cooking at a stove.
person take some medicine off a shelf.
a person is watching television.
a person takes a camera from the shelf.
person holding a cup.
person pours it into the cup.
the person opens the refrigerator.
a person is sitting on a toilet reading a book.
person opens a window.
the person opens the window.
person turn off the light.
person runs out of the room through the doorway.
person but leaves it there to run across the room.
person turns off the light.
person turning off all the lights.
a person stands at a stove cooking some food.
person drinks from a glass of water.
a person is cooking food on the stove.
person they take a glass of water from the counter.
a person opens the blinds for a window.
person continue eating some food out of a bowl.
the person sits down to eat some food.
a person is opening the blinds to their window.
person throws it on the floor.
person throw the homework on the floor.
the person puts the book down.
person they put the book down.
person puts a box in front of a door.
a person is seen washing a window in their room.
person closes the window.
person they start closing the window.
a person washing a window with a cloth.
a person is pouring coffee in to a glass.
person pour the coffee into a cup.
person they pour themselves a cup of coffee.
person they fix their hair.
person they start fixing their hair.
person they take the medicine with a glass of water.
person opens a box next to the bed.
person puts them on the shelf.
person they take some items out of the box.
the first person puts something on a shelf.
person they awaken.
person is standing on chair putting dishes on shelf.
person puts dishes on a shelf.
the person eats a bite of sandwich.
another person drinks a glass of water.
person puts it on the table.
a person drinks from a wine glass.
person is drinking out of a glass.
person they put the cup on a shelf.
person sit on a couch.
person watching television.
person putting items onto the shelf.
a person walks through a doorway folding a towel.
the person puts the towel on a shelf.
a person throws a towel in their home office.
person eats the sandwich.
a woman walking in a house with a sandwich eating.
a person is walking through a doorway.
person throws a towel.
a person is cooking food on the stove.
another person is smiling as they enter the room.
a person is cooking something on a stove.
person pours it into a glass.
person drinks from the glass.
person beginning to dress themselves.
person starts putting on clothes.
person they put it down on the table.
person they close the laptop.
person begin playing a game on the phone's touchscreen.
the person closes a laptop on the coffee table.
a person is running.
person throws it on a clothesline.
a person is running toward the window.
a person runs into the kitchen.
person puts a pair of shoes on a chair.
person he opens a window screen.
a person runs into his kitchen.
person putting a pillow behind the back.
person turns on the light.
person sits in a chair at the table.
a person is sitting at a table eating a sandwich.
person sits down at the table.
a person is sitting at the table eating a sandwich.
person takes a drink from a glass.
person opens a cabinet.
person laughs as they leave through the doorway.
person eating food placed on a shelf.
a person puts a pillow on a shelf.
person eats some food.
person eating from a bag of food.
a person is seen eating food in a bag.
the person laughs.
person takes off their shoes.
a person is laughing.
person look out the window.
person looks out the window.
person laugh softly.
the person laughs as they look out the window.
the person takes their phone from the floor.
person start cooking something on the stove.
person sits on a sofa.
person looking out the window.
a person is holding a box of shoes.
person start laughing.
person sneezing into the phone in the dining room.
person they begin putting their dishes away in the sink.
a person is seen eating food at a table.
person another eats on the floor.
a person is cooking on a stove.
a person is cooking food on the stove.
person runs out.
person run out of the kitchen.
person they turn off the light.
the person closes the closet door.
a person opens a closet.
a person is sitting at the table.
another person is at the refrigerator laughing.
person open door.
person turns the light on.
person turns on the light.
person turns light on grabs something from self.
person close the door.
person opens the door to the pantry.
person they take clothes off a table.
the person takes off clothes.
a person in a basement begins undressing.
the person puts clothes in washing machine.
person began to drink from a glass.
person drinking a glass of water.
person turns on the light.
person closes the refrigerator.
person opens the refrigerator door.
person puts his phone back in his pocket.
person turns off the light.
person turning off a light.
person takes the garbage page.
person takes the bag outside.
person they start laughing.
a person is smiling.
person puts the box on top of a dresser.
person begins to laugh.
person closes blinds at a window.
a person is closing the window in the dining room.
person closes the shutters of the window behind the table.
person seen snuggling up with a blanket.
person closed the door behind them.
person takes their camera that was at a desk.
person turning off the light behind them.
the person is throwing a blanket on the floor.
person throwing towels on the floor.
person putting the blanket on a shelf.
person turns on a light.
a person opens a box on the floor.
person throws a book into it.
person closes the box.
a person opens up a box.
person closing the door behind them.
person closes a door.
person throws a book into the box.
a person is holding a medicine bottle.
a person is holding a bottle of medicine.
person eating a sandwich.
person snuggling a pillow.
a person snuggles a pillow.
person eat a sandwich.
person they pour a glass of milk.
person opening the cabinet.
person opens the closet.
person sits down on the couch.
person sit down on the sofa.
person begins to work on it at the coffee table.
person they put their homework on a side table.
a person lying in a bed awakens.
person grasps for a light on a nightstand.
person puts on their shoes.
person turns on a light.
person puts the folded towel down.
person take out a vacuum.
person takes out vacuum.
person tidy up the floor.
person opens closet.
a person awakens on a living room sofa.
person watches themselves in the mirror.
person putting on a shelf behind him.
person they put the book on a shelf.
this person is sitting on a bed.
person puts the book away.
a person is opening a book.
person start sneezing.
person they stand up.
person runs in.
person turns the light off.
another person runs into the room.
person turns off the light.
person takes a camera out of it.
the person takes a box off the staircase.
a person takes their shoes off.
person take a camera out.
person opens a box.
person starts throwing them in boxes.
a person is seen putting dishes away.
the person is drinking water from a water bottle.
person playing on their phone.
person drinking from a glass of water.
the person opens the box.
a person takes a camera from the chair.
the person closes the window blinds.
person they close a window.
person close the window.
person the stand up.
person looked out the window.
the person is sitting on the bed eating.
person walk to look out the window.
the person sat on their bed eating some food.
the person was eating sitting on the sofa.
the person was watching out the window.
a person turned on a light.
a person is cooking food on the stove they.
person open the cabinet.
person they stop cooking.
person they talk on their phone.
a person runs into the living room through the doorway.
person takes out a blanket.
a person opens a bag which sits on the table.
a person cooking on the stove begins sneezing.
another person takes a picture with their phone camera.
a person is standing in the hallway undressing.
person opens a book to read.
person puts the laptop in a box.
person opening the closet.
the person opened a closet door.
person opens a cabinet.
a person is putting groceries on a shelf.
person watches something on their laptop.
person put down their camera.
person drinking from a glass of water.
person eating a bag of chips.
a person eats from a bottle at the table.
person eating it.
person pours the contents of the bottle into the glass.
person poured it into a glass.
person put it on a shelf.
a person is putting homework on a shelf.
a person is sneezing.
person puts it in the box.
person opens box of clothes.
person starts smiling.
person opens box.
person carries box out of closet.
person opens bag.
person takes out books.
person they open the bag.
person takes the homework back out of the bag.
a person puts down a bag.
person tidying up the blanket.
a person is sneezing with a towel over their heads.
the person eats a sandwich.
person run around the room.
person runs around the room once.
person they put their shoes on.
the person puts on shoes.
person puts it on a shelf.
a person is smiling.
a person is sitting in a chair.
person sitting on a chair.
person smiling in a mirror.
another person is putting books by the television.
this person opens a door.
a person puts a box on a desk.
a woman is smiling at a young guy.
a person is smiling.
the person opens the window.
person puts their cleaning supplies down on a nearby shelf.
a person walks to a sofa holding a pillow.
person drinking bottle of water.
a person is drinking water from a bottle.
person is smiling at picture on phone.
person stand up.
person someone is sitting at a table writing on something.
person fixed their hair.
person putting clothes into a box.
person they start drinking some coffee from a glass.
person closing a door.
the person puts the homework on the shelf.
a person awakens on the floor of the closet.
one person runs out of the garage.
person another is running out a doorway.
person takes off his shoes.
the person takes off their shoes.
person they close the door.
a person puts away a broom.
person puts broom in the closet.
person opens a door.
person washing dishes at the sink.
person looking out the window.
a person sits on the sofa.
person playing on their phone.
person eating a bag of chips.
a person holding a laptop puts it on the stove.
a person holding a laptop opens the refrigerator door.
person opens a refrigerator.
person opens the book.
person sits on the edge of the bed.
person takes off their shoes.
a person awakens in bed.
person opens a window.
person opens a window sits on a sofa.
a person is looking out a window.
person started dressing.
the person starts smiling tries to read a book.
person reading a book at a desk.
person eating a sandwich.
a person awakens in bed.
person leaves by opening a door.
person takes a towel off of a table.
person walking through the doorway.
person takes a towel.
a person is standing on a chair.
a person stands on a chair.
a person opens a cabinet.
person opens a cabinet.
person closes the cabinet.
person they put the dishes down.
person puts away a dish.
the person runs to the refrigerator.
the person begins eating from the plate.
person begins to eat.
person sitting down at the table.
the person starts laughing.
person looking out the window.
person smiling at their reflection.
person wash hands at sink.
person run off.
person run out of the room.
a person is running into the room holding a pillow.
person begins playing on their phone.
a person is in the rec room undressing.
person throwing their clothes about.
person b is eating from a bag.
is approached by another person eating a snack.
another person walks in eating a cracker.
a person is undressing.
person they are smiling.
a person is eating a sandwich from a dish.
a person opening a door is carrying a towel.
person they put the towel.
person throws some clothes on the floor.
a person puts down a laptop.
person throws clothing on floor.
person throw their shoes.
person takes off their shoes.
a person begins sneezing.
person starts sneezing.
the person opens up a laptop computer.
person take it with a glass of water.
person opening a laptop.
person takes some more medicine with another drink of water.
a person takes some medicine with a drink of water.
person someone sitting on a chair.
a person is sitting in a chair in the bathroom.
a person is smiling.
person puts the pillow down on a bench.
a man holds a pillow.
a person is opening a closet.
another person opens the door to the closet.
person is looking at a book.
person puts book in a box.
a person is standing a dining room holding a book.
the person is holding a book.
person opens the book.
person takes a drink from a cup.
a person is closing a door by holding the doorknob.
person closing a cabinet.
person closing closet door.
person throws them on to the floor.
person throwing a pile of clothes onto the floor.
person begins tidying the dining room table.
person talking on the phone.
person is smiling.
person runs away.
person opens a cardboard box.
person runs out of the room.
person takes their shoes off.
person puts the clothes down.
a person takes off some clothes.
person takes a book from a chair.
person gets redressed.
a person is undressing.
person than puts clothes back on.
person they put the towel on the door.
person runs into the laundry room.
person is running though doorway.
a person walks through a doorway into a kitchen.
person eating potato chips.
person eats the food.
the person takes food from a package.
person stand up.
person puts the glass on a chair.
person opens the door.
person run from the room.
person closes the door.
person runs out of the room.
a person walks into the laundry room from the doorway.
person holding a pillow.
person takes off their jacket they pick a blanket up.
person next the open a door.
a person undresses by taking off a jacket.
person they put the glass on a counter.
the person puts the empty glass down on a desk.
the person begins watching their laptop intently.
person is opening medicine cabinet.
a person is opening their medicine cabinet.
person starts sneezing.
person they sneeze as they close the medicine cabinet.
person they take a phone from a chair.
person play with the phone.
a person awakens in a chair.
the person takes their phone from the bed.
a person is undressing under a blanket.
person tidying up dirty clothes.
person straightens clothes than takes a bite of a sandwich.
person finally eating a sandwich in a basement.
person reading a book.
the person holding the book decides to stand up.
person holding a sandwich.
a person enters through a doorway holding a sandwich.
person walks back to the doorway.
the person is eating by the refrigerator.
a person walks into a kitchen eating some food.
person eating something.
person cooking a piece of meat.
person opens their laptop.
person cooks something.
a person is putting small items into a bag.
one person opens a window.
another person takes a bag.
person begins to open the window.
person starts sneezing.
a person is sneezing.
person watches themselves undress in front of a mirror.
a person opens a cabinet.
a person looks out a window.
a person is looking out the window.
a person is laughing at something outside the window.
person laughing they move from the window.
the person puts the food aside.
a person can throw a broom in the living room.
person throw the broom on the floor.
person puts the bag of groceries down.
person puts away a few groceries.
a person is dressing in clothes from a hamper.
person put the bag on a shelf.
person put it on the shelf.
person washing the glass.
person washes cup with water that is in the bucket.
person looking out the window.
person looks out window.
person looked out the window.
the person looks out the window.
a person puts a pillow in a clothes dryer.
person closes the door.
person stands up to stretch turns off the light.
person undressing in a hallway.
person eats it.
person eating food.
a person is drinking a glass of wine.
person puts them on a shelf.
person puts shoes into a bag.
person puts the bag on a shelf.
person puts some shoes in it.
person turns off a light.
person talking on a phone.
person talking on the phone.
person opens the refrigerator.
the person walks through a doorway to the kitchen.
the person drinks from a cup.
person drink from their glass.
person walks through a doorway.
a person takes a phone off the dryer.
person he puts the sandwich down.
a smiling person is in their pantry eating a sandwich.
person holding their phone.
person takes some medicine.
person bend down to put their shoes on.
person begin putting on some shoes.
the person opens a box.
person they begin to open a box.
the person opened the cabinet.
a person standing drinking a glass of water.
the person drinks from the glass of water.
person looks out the window.
person stand up.
person look out a window.
a person is sitting in a chair smiling.
person walks to look out a window.
person talking on a phone.
encounters person b talking on the phone.
a person runs into their hallway holding a bag.
person they turn on the light.
person they turn on a light.
person a book they put on their sweater.
the person puts the cup down.
person pouring coffee from a pot into a glass.
person look at a book.
person looking at a book.
a person pours coffee into a cup.
person eating food off a dish.
dressing when another person opens the door holding a camera.
person drinking something from a glass.
person they begin drinking from a cup.
a person takes a camera.
person puts it by a laptop.
a person opens the door to the rec room.
a person opens a cabinet.
person takes out a book.
a person takes a book out of a cabinet.
person closes the cabinet.
person close the window.
the person opens the window.
a person opens the window.
person closes the window.
person looks out the window.
the person throws the food in the garbage.
a laughing person opens a refrigerator.
a person runs into the room holding a laptop.
a person runs into the living room.
person takes a drink from a nearby cup of coffee.
the person opens the laptop.
a person opens a cabinet.
person closes the cabinet.
a person is putting food in a cupboard.
person opening the book.
the person opens the cabinet.
person smiling at a book.
a person is sitting at a desk smiling.
person stands by door of kitchen holding a grocery bag.
the person turns on the light.
the person flips on the light.
person putting the cup on top of the toilet.
person sitting down on chair to unlace boots.
as the person was dressing.
person turns the light off.
person turns off the light.
person turning off a light with a remote.
person takes off their shoes.
the person throws a blanket on the bed.
the person throws a blanket onto a bed.
person laughing as they cook at the stove.
person watching the television.
person opens a cabinet.
person put the pillow away in a cabinet.
person begin sneezing by the stove.
person put it on a shelf.
a person awakens on a floor lying on a pillow.
person sits on couch.
the person sits down on the sofa.
person put dishes in a sink.
person begins cooking.
person someone is in the kitchen cooking something.
a person turns the light on over the stove.
person they turn on a light.
a person is eating a sandwich.
person they are eating a sandwich.
a person is standing in the bathroom washing their hands.
person switched off the lights.
person washed his hands seen in the mirror.
a person washes their hands.
person takes a picture of themselves with a camera.
the person turns off the light.
person cuts the light off.
person looks out a window.
person takes off their shoes.
person sits in a chair.
another person standing near by starts smiling.
person than puts their bag on a glass table.
a person is sitting on the sofa holding a phone.
the person takes off their shoes,and goes to the door.
a person is sitting down on a chair.
person throwing a pillow on the shelf.
a person is laughing.
person throw it on the floor.
person laughing at what is on the screen.
person take a picture.
person starts undressing.
person takes out a cell phone.
a person is laying on a sofa reading a book.
person begins to snuggle with a blanket.
person takes off their shoes.
person putting it on a table.
person drinking from the glass of water.
a person is seen putting their water on a table.
a person is holding a glass of water.
person turn on a light.
person turns on a light.
a person eats food.
person starts laughing.
person sits  to  put on shoes.
person open a door.
person puts their shoes on.
the person begins opening a book.
person they begin dressing by putting a jacket on.
person putting a dish on a chair.
person putting the picture of his daughter on his desk.
a person was smiling.
person closes a window.
person turns on the light.
a person turns on the light.
person pours soda into a glass.
person watching television.
a person is sitting in a chair eating food.
person eating a watching television.
person they also take a sandwich out of the bag.
person eat it.
person eating a sandwich.
person take a book.
one person takes a sandwich.
person they are both smiling.
person are laughing at something funny on their phone.
the person closes the laptop.
person close the laptop.
person they get dressed.
person they put the towel down.
the person is putting up groceries.
person opens cabinet.
a person opens the window.
a person opens a window.
the person takes a sandwich from their bag.
another person is undressing from some clothes.
another person is undressing by the wardrobe.
a person laughing at a show on the laptop.
the person laughs at something on a laptop screen.
person laying down on the floor.
person takes out a pillow.
person they open the box.
person stand as they take the laptop.
person closes a cabinet door in another room.
person turns on a light,opens.
person sits on the sofa.
a person is watching television.
person sits back on the couch.
person watches television.
person sit down on a sofa.
person put it on a shelf.
a person is standing in the bathroom opening a box.
person putting a mirror into the box.
person takes something out of a box.
person put something back in the box.
that same person throws the pillow on the bed.
person they throw the pillow.
person puts some clothes on it.
person takes the medicine.
person take some medicine.
person they begin sneezing.
person sits in a chair.
person smiling the whole time.
the person takes a pillow out of the washing machine.
a person takes a pillow from a washing machine.
person drinking out of a cup.
person drinks from a coffee cup.
person takes a picture.
person also eating a burrito.
person starts watching television.
person begins undressing.
a person is lying on a bed watching television.
a person sits in a chair holding a bag.
person they started to try to eat it.
person closes the door.
person pours a cup of water.
person pours water into the glass.
person drinks from the cup two times.
person put had put on the table.
person open a laptop.
the person opens their laptop.
person close the door.
person closes the door.
another person is eating.
a person is sitting in a chair eating.
the person sitting closes the laptop.
the person closes the laptop.
the person is closing the refrigerator.
person opening a refrigerator.
another person is washing dishes in a sink.
person put clothes away into a wardrobe.
person drinks the water in the glass.
person holds a glass up high.
person they hold up a glass of water.
person takes a picture of theirself with a black camera.
person hold a cup in the air.
person looking out the window.
a person is looking out the window holding a phone.
person start sneezing.
person closes the door.
person throw the glass on the floor.
person is standing holding a book.
a person puts a book down onto the table.
person putting it on a table.
person they open the door.
person proceeds to his window to look out.
