person puts the book on the table again.
the person takes a picture out.
person puts the book back on the shelf.
person opens it up takes a picture.
person they begin sneezing.
a person is also sneezing.
person holding a pair of shoes.
a person puts his shoes down on the floor.
the person puts down the shoes.
a person is holding shoes.
person looks out the window.
person closes the door.
person gets dressed.
a person turns on a light in the closet.
person turns on the lights.
person turns the lights off.
person eats a sandwich.
person they eat a sandwich.
the person picked up a phone to play with it.
person begin laughing.
person puts away the groceries.
the person puts the groceries on the table.
the person opens door.
the person is smiling often.
person they start to open a door.
person open a door.
the person takes two glasses from the cabinet.
person holds a sandwich on it.
a person is fixing a light in the refrigerator.
person is cooking on a stove.
a person is fixing the light in the refrigerator.
the person closes the refrigerator door when they are done.
person begins undressing.
a person is undressing in front of a sink.
a person opens a door.
person open the door.
the person opens the bathroom door.
a person is opening a door.
person throw the blanket down on the floor.
person throws the blanket on the floor.
person looking at a book.
person throws the blanket off the stairs.
a person throwing a book.
person sneezing into a camera.
a person is laughing in front of the refrigerator.
person opens the door.
person takes a glass out from the refrigerator.
person closes the box back up.
the person opens a box.
a person throws a book into a box.
a person looks through a book.
a person looks at a book.
a person in a kitchen reads from a book.
a person runs up some stairs.
the person takes a towel.
a person runs up.
a person laughs as they walk down the stairs.
the person laughs.
person they take the medicine.
person takes some medicine.
a person awakens in their living room sneezing.
person they open a bag.
person start eating some food from the stove.
person puts the broom up against a wall.
person puts the broom down.
person they sit in a chair.
person they undress.
the person undressed out of their jacket.
person turn off the light.
another person runs up the stairs.
a person is putting on clothes.
person drinking from a cup walking around.
person eating an apple.
another person is closing a refrigerator.
a second person closes the door to the refrigerator.
person begins to eat the cookie.
the person opens the box.
person eats the cookie.
the person sits down in a chair.
person sitting at the table.
the person opens the box of cookies.
person sits down in a chair at the table.
person takes the plate to the table to eat.
a person is smiling.
person putting groceries away.
person throws a towel on the floor.
person sitting down on a pillow in the bed.
person they open the laptop.
person the girl closes her laptop.
person starts putting on their shoes.
person putting shoes.
person dressing for the cold.
person starts sneezing.
person putting shoes on.
person puts a towel over the shoulder.
a person opens the refrigerator.
person closes the door.
the person opens the refrigerator,removes food.
a person walks through the doorway.
person walks through the doorway into a room.
person set up on the sofa take off shoes.
person takes their shoes off.
person takes a picture of the couch with a camera.
a person walks into the living holding a pillow.
person they put the camera on the baby's jumper.
person eat something they took out of their pocket.
person eat a small snack they got from their pocket.
person put the book down on a chair.
person standing near a closet holding a homework book.
person they put the book down on a chair.
a person opens a door.
person they close the door.
a person is opening a book.
another person walks by the takes off their shoes.
person proceeds to take their shoes off.
person throwing a box down.
person talking on their phone.
person opening a box.
person throwing the box to the floor angrily.
person opening a box.
person eating from a box of food.
person eating something out of it.
person eats a few pieces from inside.
the person puts the laptop down onto a table.
a person runs into the garage.
person holding a laptop.
person sets a laptop computer on a counter.
